Make link text for components and patterns consistent (#4278)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/patterns/navigate-a-service/index.md

Show any elements that only affect the current page after the Service header navigation.

> Place any [Breadcrumbs components](/components/breadcrumbs/) just before the `<main>` element. Placing them here means that the ‘Skip to main content’ link allows the user to skip all navigation links, including breadcrumbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your service uses the [Breadcrumbs component](/components/breadcrumbs/), place them just before the `<main>` element. Placing them here means that the ‘Skip to main content’ link allows the user to skip all navigation links, including breadcrumbs.
```
